README.md, before:

#as2-server

The standalone AS2 server component based on **[as2-lib](https://github.com/phax/as2-lib)**.
It directly works on Sockets and not on Servlets. Please see **[as2-peppol-servlet](https://github.com/phax/as2-peppol-servlet)** for an example how **[as2-lib](https://github.com/phax/as2-lib)** can be used together with the Servlet specs.
Alternatively a specialized Servlet based server for PEPPOL is available with my **[as2-peppol-server](https://github.com/phax/as2-peppol-server)** project.

Versions <= 1.0.1 are compatible with ph-commons < 6.0.
Versions >= 2.0.0 are compatible with ph-commons >= 6.0.

This project is licensed under the FreeBSD License.

#Configuration
Start server: run class `com.helger.as2.app.MainOpenAS2Server`

Startup arguments (required): src/main/resources/config/config.xml

Waits for incoming AS2 messages on http://localhost:10080/HttpReceiver

Than run `com.helger.as2.test.TestClient` as a Java main application to perform a simple AS2 transmission.

No database or additional software is needed to exchange AS2 messages!

---

On Twitter: <a href="https://twitter.com/philiphelger">Follow @philiphelger</a>

Commit message:

Added build and run instructions - thanks to issue #8 from Michael Reinig

README.md, after:

#as2-server

The standalone AS2 server component based on **[as2-lib](https://github.com/phax/as2-lib)**.
It directly works on Sockets and not on Servlets. Please see **[as2-peppol-servlet](https://github.com/phax/as2-peppol-servlet)** for an example how **[as2-lib](https://github.com/phax/as2-lib)** can be used together with the Servlet specs.
Alternatively a specialized Servlet based server for PEPPOL is available with my **[as2-peppol-server](https://github.com/phax/as2-peppol-server)** project.

Versions <= 1.0.1 are compatible with ph-commons < 6.0.
Versions >= 2.0.0 are compatible with ph-commons >= 6.0.

This project is licensed under the FreeBSD License.

#Configuration
Start server: run class `com.helger.as2.app.MainOpenAS2Server`

Startup arguments (required): `src/main/resources/config/config.xml`
This configuration file should be the starting point for your own customizations. You may simple copy the file to a different location and provide the absolute path to it instead of the example given above. 

Waits for incoming AS2 messages on `http://localhost:10080/HttpReceiver`
Note: the port for the incoming messages can be configured in the configuration file.

Than run `com.helger.as2.test.TestClient` as a Java main application to perform a simple AS2 transmission.

No database or additional software is needed to exchange AS2 messages!

#Building and running from source
To run this server stand-alone from the source build, perform the following steps.
In the below commands `x.y.z` denotes the effective version number

1. build the binary artefacts using Apache Maven 3.x
```
mvn clean package
```
2. The resulting JAR file is than located at `target/as2-server-x.y.z-SNAPSHOT.jar`
3. On Unix/Linux systems run the AS2 server using the following command:
```
java -cp "target/as2-server-x.y.z-SNAPSHOT.jar:target/dependencies/*" com.helger.as2.app.MainOpenAS2Server src/main/resources/config/config.xml
```
whereas `src/main/resources/config/config.xml` is the path to the configuration file to be used and may be changed.
4. On Windows systems run the AS2 server using the following command (maintain the quotes as they are!):
```
java -cp "target/as2-server-x.y.z-SNAPSHOT.jar;target/dependencies/*" com.helger.as2.app.MainOpenAS2Server src/main/resources/config/config.xml
```

---

On Twitter: <a href="https://twitter.com/philiphelger">Follow @philiphelger</a>
